# Survival-Battle-Royale
Its a Hunger Games-inspired survival battle royale game made in Unity and C#. The multiplayer system is implemented through Photon networking. It has procedurally generated maps using voronoi diagrams for terrain, different temperatures, and 2D and 3D decorations such as structures, grass, plants, rocks, and trees. The possible terrain types are customizable within the Unity editor, making it easy to change their settings or details and add new types. It has XML-based systems for the items and animals to make it simple to add new animals and objects with different properties. Both are also component-based to allow for complex behaviors. There are many different item components, such as close range weapons, throwable weapons, shootable weapon, food, clothing, medicine, and various types of tools. It is simple to add more by subclassing from the ItemType class and implementing functionality through overriding methods that connect to various inputs. Players spawn with an inventory that is randomly generated, other than items marked as necessity, using a weighted randomization system based on item probablity and number of items with that component that the player already has. Items also gradually spawn in the world as the game progresses and can be picked up by players. Players can also fight other players in order to kill them and take their items after their death. Animal behavior is implemented through a state machine based on player behavior and their components. There are several components, such as aggressive response, passive response, extra agressive response, air movement, and land movement. The game also has a day-night cycle and many player needs, including hunger, thirst, health, stamina, and warmth. The decay of these is also affected by the environment. Moreover, there is a player customization system with different skin tones and outfits. There is also an ambient audio system in order to play assorted sounds throughout the game.